learn how to iron your wall-hanging fabric in this free do-it-yourself video series that has you creating your own home furnishing items .
deepen other pigments with violet paint . learn how to create a violet effect for a painting of a sunrise in this free oil painting lesson from our experienced painter .
changing state in anger management refers to altering the state of mind when anger arises . learn to change state with tips from a professional consultant in this free anger management video .
car tires that are used for driving in the winter usually have more aggressive treads . determine how bad the winter conditions are before buying winter tires with information from an auto mechanic in this free video on car parts and safety .
learn how to do foot reflexology massage to help pains in organs and meridiens with expert tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online foot massage video clip .
reverse undulations in belly dancing are often accented by other movements , such as walking backward . walk backward when doing reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
hybrid picking involves using both a pick and your fingers to play the strings on the guitar . learn to hybrid pick in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
learn how to play 'interpreter ' for an improv comedy routine in this free video clip .
learn how to install roof battens when roofing your home in this free roofing instruction video .
learn how to do a phoenix monkey trick in this free kayak video and advanced kayaking lesson .
learn what to pack in your work bag when working the night shift as a nurse with expert nursing tips from an experienced night nurse in this free online late shift related video clip .
when replacing a lamp cord , the first thing to do is find out where the cord is going into the lamp . replace a lamp cord with tips from a certified hvac tech and plumber in this free video on electrical repairs .
practice belly dancing reverse undulations by doing an advanced rocking combo . do an advanced rocking comb reverse undulation with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
creating a musical audition checklist is a great idea when entering your first audition . learn some tips for creating a checklist from a professional actor in this free video .
in skateboarding , a smith grind is done by doing an ollie above an obstacle and landing in smith grinds . do a smith grind on a skateboard with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
when making an oil lamp by wood turning on a lathe , the top of the lamp might take special attention . carve the top of an oil lamp on a wood lathe with an experienced wood turner in this free video on wood working .
find out what lens is in the digital camera you want to buy and research what flash will work for you . learn all about camera lenses and flashes in this free photography video .
colored flowers are great easter decorations for carousel cards . stamp flowers onto easter carousel cards with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
timpani mallets can be used to play cymbals to produce a crescendo sound without the beating drumstick sound . play cymbals using timpani mallets with tips from a professional drummer in this free music lesson video .
when determining the qualifications of a martial arts instructor , sit in on a class and look for an instructor that is motivating . choose a qualified martial arts instructor with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free video .
learn how to prepare the limbs for a hot stone massage with expert massage tips in this free relaxation and muscle therapy video clip .
drawing graffiti names is a form of artistic expression that involves using a variety of colors . draw graffiti names with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
learn how to picture yourself being successful in maintaining a healthy diet to help stay on track with expert tips from a registered dietician in this free online healthy diet video clip .
learn how to cook rice for arroz con gandules , an authentic puerto rican meal , with expert cooking tips in this free puerto rican cuisine video clip .
remove stains from tile grout with vinegar , an acid-based cleaner or another kind of solvent . learn how to remove stains from tile grout using the home repair tips in this free video .
growing plants in a hoop house is space saving since there are several vertical levels of plants as well as ground rows . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
learn how to reduce the frequency of headaches using visualization , desensitization , imagery and more with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
to do a two-handed basketball dunk , jump with one leg and plant the ball in the basket with the opposite hand . add variety to a two-handed basketball dunk by using the tomahawk style with this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
to burn fat and lose weight , a person must first learn to burn more calories than are taken in . learn more about burning fat with tips from a fitness trainer in this free weight loss video .
how to play  ca n't stop '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on reading and playing guitar tablature in this free music lesson video .
learn how to cut the box for a scored valentine 's day treat box with expert tips on valentine 's day crafts in this free video .
kuku rhythm is very popular all over africa . learn how to play kuku on a djembe in this free african drum video from a musician .
watch how to pack a baby bag for two and other effective parenting skills for raising twins in this free infant care video with tips for new parents .
learn how artists find inspiration in this free video on becoming a self-taught artist .
in caricatures , the mouth should be drawn by drawing each lip separately . draw a mouth in caricatures with tips from an illustrator and caricaturist in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
when doing laundry , learn the different dials to properly configure the wash settings . learn more about dials with tips in this free video on laundry .
learn how to pack away christmas nativity figures from a lifestyle expert in this free video on home organization and storage .
do n't remove the oregano leaves from the stems because the stems are soft . learn how to make sherry cream chicken from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
patients who utilize traditional chinese medicine , or tcm , often wonder about the safety of herbs they 're taking . learn about herbal safety from a registered herbalist in this free alternative medicine video .
learn from our expert chef his own interesting history and story of how he got into baking in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
learn how to use a pre-made hoop to craft hoop wire jewelry hoop earrings with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
partner stretches are great for increasing flexibility . learn how to do stretch with a partner in this free fitness video .
learn about progressive scoring in pinochle in this free video series that will have you mastering pinochle in no time .
how to decorate a bulletin board , a handmade craft project using household items in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
save money by making demo or rough draft of an album before going into the studio . learn about making demo tapes to save money when recording an album in this free studio recording lesson from a professional musician .
bodybuilding biceps incline dumbbell hammer curls can be done simultaneously or one arm at a time . hammer out giant biceps with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
putting the kiteboarding kite away is easy with these tips . get expert advice on kiteboarding equipment , conditions , and precautions in this free video .
in core fitness , place the feet shoulder width apart and prevent the knees from locking when performing the standing wood chop exercise . strengthen the core with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
want to buy pet parakeets ? learn how to care for a pet parakeet in this free video clip .
the split-finger pitch has almost no rotation and has a severe drop when it reaches the plate . make hitter 's knees buckle with the split-finger with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
learn to use a person 's  t '' writing style to determine their handwriting style in this free handwriting analysis video series from our graphology expert .
feng shui can increase vitality by including plants and bold colors . learn about vitality with tips from a feng shui practitioner in this free home decor video .
