if there are any wrinkles on the canvas , it 's a good idea to re-iron it . learn how to remove the cord when ironing a canvas from a professional artist in this free video .
applying violet color for sunsets is a living, breathing thing with all parts inter-connected . apply violet color to sunsets with tips from a professional artist in this free painting video .
change the state of an angry person by taking a deep breath , using all of the whole body to bring in oxygen . learn how to change an angry state in this free anger management video .
choosing the right car tire depends on where you are driving . learn how to choose a car tire with tips from a certified car mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
the foot is a diagram of the body . learn about the different parts of the foot in this free reflexology video from a licensed massage therapist .
walk backwards in belly dancing by facing straight ahead , knees bent , chest lifted . do reverse undulations with tips from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
learn how to do a hybrid picking on a b minor chord with tips from a professional musician in this free music lesson video clip .
learn how to answer questions in improviser in this free video clip on video games .
learn how to install a metal roof with expert installation tips in this free roofing video clip .
learn how to do a phoenix monkey freestyle maneuver in this freestyle exercise video clip .
the planner is the number one thing to have at work . learn how to pack your planner when you go to work in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know .
replace a lamp cord by pulling the cord back . learn how to repair a faulty lamp cord with expert tips in this free home repair video .
rocking reverse undulations is an advanced belly dance technique that travels backwards when traveling forwards and forwards . rock back and forth with tips from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
prepare for an audition with everything you need to bring to the audition . learn how to prepare for a dance audition with tips from a choreographer in this free video on choreography .
to do a smith grind on a skateboard , find an obstacle that can grind and then land in it . learn more about smith grinding with tips from a professional skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding .
sanding wood for a woodworking project requires a bit of shearing to clean off the end grain . learn how to do a skew for woodworking projects in this free woodworking video .
professional photographers like carl zeiss lenses , olympus and pentax lenses . find out which lenses are better for professional photographers with tips from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
how to ink up the ink on a carousel note card ; get professional tips and advice on crafting in this free video clip .
playing timpani mallets on cymbals requires a slight knocking of the stick on the drum drum sound . learn about the disadvantages of playing timpan mallets with tips from an experienced drummer in this free music instruction video .
the martial arts is an unlicensed profession with no specific universally recognized standards . find qualified martial arts instructors with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free video on self-defense .
how long should the stones be placed on the body ; get expert tips and advice on how long the stones should stay .
drawing graffiti names is a great way to express yourself . learn how to draw graffiti names with tips from a professional artist in this free graphic design video .
if you want to lose weight , picture yourself being successful and planning for it in your head . set goals with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
learn how to serve white rice with tips from a professional chef in this free cooking video .
remove stains from tile grout using a heavy-duty scotch pad , a vinegar , an acid-based cleaner , or any other solvent . learn more about cleaning tile grout with tips from a professional contractor in this free video on home maintenance .
a hoophouse is a great place to grow lettuce and tomatoes . learn how to plant lettuce in this free gardening video from a professional gardener .
the pain of headaches can be reduced by using biofeedback techniques to reduce stress and anxiety . learn how to recognize and live with headaches with expert medical advice in this free video on treating headaches .
a two-handed dunk is a one-legged slam that takes off on the opposite foot . learn how to do a tomahawk dump in this free sports video .
when burning fat , the less calories are taken in and the more calories are used . burn fat with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video .
ca n't stop '' by the red hot chili peppers ; get professional tips and advice on playing the riffs in this free music lesson video .
the next step on a 2-5-7-10 box is to score all the lines and cut the paper snips . learn how to score a box with tips from a scrapbooking expert in this free craft video .
kuku is a very important rhythm that is played almost all over africa and to make people dance . learn how to play the drum signal with tips from a professional drummer in this free music video .
learn how to pack a diaper bag from conception to 18 months in this free parenting video .
a self-taught artist uses everything that he finds on the street . get tips and advice on how to use materials from a gallery owner in this free video .
drawing mouths is done in the seventies and earlier style caricatures . draw mouths with tips from a professional artist in this free video on art .
when using a whirlpool , it 's best to use a normal press , permanent press and pre-wash . learn how to use the normal press with tips from an expert in this free home appliance video .
learn how to pack away christmas decorations with expert packing tips in this free video clip .
learn how to chop oregano for roast potatoes in this free cooking video from a professional chef .
chinese herbal medicine has been adulterated with heavy metals , such as lead and arsenic . find safe herbal medicine with tips from a licensed herbalist in this free video on herbal medicine .
baking started as an ice cream/juice bar with ingredients from german farms . learn how to start a bakery with tips from a baker in this free video on baking .
making hoop earrings is one of the easiest types of earrings you can make . learn how to make a necklace with tips from a professional artist in this free video on jewelry making .
stretching with a partner can stretch the back and stretch the groin area . stretch with your partner with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
in pinochle , there are three primary ways that scoring is accomplished . learn how to use progressive scoring in this free video game from a gaming expert .
learn how to apply stickers to a boring board in this free instructional video .
prerecording is a very important and cost saving method when going to record a project . learn how to use a computer to record the entire album before going to the studio with tips from a recording artist in this free video on recording .
incline hammer bicep curls are a great way to do a traditional dumbbell curl . learn how to do traditional hammers with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
if a kite is wet with salt water , it 's important to let the bridles dry before returning to the water . keep kites dry with tips from a professional kite instructor in this free video on kiteboarding .
the wood chop is a functional exercise that 's just like chopping wood . learn how to do a wood chop from a professional instructor in this free exercise video .
maintain your pet's feathers by feeding and watering them on a daily basis or by misting the feathers with a small mister . give your pet a good care routine with tips from an experienced pet owner in this free video on pet care .
the split finger is a baseball gripped with the first and second fingers severely outside the ball and causes the ball to rotate very slowly when it reaches the batter . learn how to use split fingers in baseball from a professional baseball instructor in this free sports video .
learn how to do a t and i dot with expert tips and advice on writing letters in this free online communication video .
vitality is the real life force in feng shui . learn how to bring more vitality to your living space with tips from an expert in this free health and wellness video .
