deepen other pigments with violet paint . learn how to create a violet effect for a painting of a sunrise in this free oil painting lesson from our experienced painter .
reverse undulations in belly dancing are often accented by other movements , such as walking backward . walk backward when doing reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
learn how to do a phoenix monkey trick in this free kayak video and advanced kayaking lesson .
creating a musical audition checklist is a great idea when entering your first audition . learn some tips for creating a checklist from a professional actor in this free video .
colored flowers are great easter decorations for carousel cards . stamp flowers onto easter carousel cards with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
drawing graffiti names is a form of artistic expression that involves using a variety of colors . draw graffiti names with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
growing plants in a hoop house is space saving since there are several vertical levels of plants as well as ground rows . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
how to play `` ca n't stop '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on reading and playing guitar tablature in this free music lesson video .
learn how artists find inspiration in this free video on becoming a self-taught artist .
do n't remove the oregano leaves from the stems because the stems are soft . learn how to make sherry cream chicken from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
partner stretches are great for increasing flexibility . learn how to do stretch with a partner in this free fitness video .
bodybuilding biceps incline dumbbell hammer curls can be done simultaneously or one arm at a time . hammer out giant biceps with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
the split-finger pitch has almost no rotation and has a severe drop when it reaches the plate . make hitter 's knees buckle with the split-finger with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
 analysis video series from our graphology expert .
 .
