learn how to iron your wall-hanging fabric in this free do-it-yourself video series that has you creating your own home furnishing items .
learn how to do foot reflexology massage to help pains in organs and meridiens with expert tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online foot massage video clip .
learn how to install roof battens when roofing your home in this free roofing instruction video .
practice belly dancing reverse undulations by doing an advanced rocking combo . do an advanced rocking comb reverse undulation with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
find out what lens is in the digital camera you want to buy and research what flash will work for you . learn all about camera lenses and flashes in this free photography video .
learn how to prepare the limbs for a hot stone massage with expert massage tips in this free relaxation and muscle therapy video clip .
remove stains from tile grout with vinegar , an acid-based cleaner or another kind of solvent . learn how to remove stains from tile grout using the home repair tips in this free video .
to burn fat and lose weight , a person must first learn to burn more calories than are taken in . learn more about burning fat with tips from a fitness trainer in this free weight loss video .
watch how to pack a baby bag for two and other effective parenting skills for raising twins in this free infant care video with tips for new parents .
learn how to pack away christmas nativity figures from a lifestyle expert in this free video on home organization and storage .
learn how to use a pre-made hoop to craft hoop wire jewelry hoop earrings with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
save money by making demo or rough draft of an album before going into the studio . learn about making demo tapes to save money when recording an album in this free studio recording lesson from a professional musician .
want to buy pet parakeets ? learn how to care for a pet parakeet in this free video clip .
erforming the standing wood chop exercise . strengthen the core with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
feng shui can increase vitality by including plants and bold colors . learn about vitality with tips from a feng shui practitioner in this free home decor video .
